content/_index.md, before:

+++
title = 'Home'
draft = false
layout = 2
description = "PyLadies Conference (PyLadiesCon) is the second Pyladies conference held– an exciting online and FREE event dedicated to empowerment, learning, and diversity within the Python community!  Date: December 6th-8th At PyLadiesCon, we're bringing the Python world right to your doorstep. Make sure to mark your calendars for the first weekend of December as we embark on a two-day journey that promises to be unforgettable."
image = "/img/banner.png"
imagealt = "Website banner of PyLadiesCon 2024 Online. 6th-8th December | Multi-language | Multi-timezone."
+++

{{< rawhtml >}}
<!-- TODO: Update banner -->
<div style="background-image: url('/img/pyladies-wallpaper.png'); background-size: cover; background-position: center;" class="position-relative overflow-hidden p-1 p-md-3 m-md-1 text-start">
    <div class="d-md-flex flex-md-equal w-75 my-md-3 mx-auto align-items-center justify-content-start">
      <div class="col-md-5 p-lg-3 mx-auto my-5">
        <h1 class="display-4 fw-normal pink">PyLadiesCon</h1>
        <h4 class="special-font pink">2024 Online</h4>
        <p class="lead" style="font-weight: bolder;color: white;">
          6th-8th December<br>
          Multi-language | Multi-timezone
        </p>
        <div class="social w-100 mx-auto pt-3 text-start">
          <a href="https://fosstodon.org/@pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-mastodon fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://twitter.com/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-twitter fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://instagram.com/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-instagram fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-linkedin fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
        </div>
        <div class="w-100 mt-2 text-start" style=color:#fff>Check the <a class=text-white href=/schedule>Schedule!</a></div>
        <div class="w-100 mt-2 text-start">
          <a href="https://pretix.eu/pyladiescon/2024">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-pink btn-block mb-2 rainbow rainbow-1" data-toggle="collapse">REGISTER</button>
          </a>
        </div>
      </div>

  </div>
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

{{% mainrectangle %}}
![About Icon class=icon-section](/img/about-icon.png)

{{< pinktitle "About the conference" >}}

Attention all PyLadies community members! We’re excited to share that we are in
the early stages of planning a PyLadies Conference (PyLadiesCon),
a transformative event designed to promote diversity, learning, and empowerment
within the Python community.  🎉

Save the date! The conference will take place on December 6th-8th,
where we’ll gather together for a weekend filled with insightful talks,
engaging panels, and collaborative networking opportunities.

* {{< rarrowlink "Read More" "/about" >}}
* {{< rarrowlink "Code of Conduct" "/about" >}}

{{% /mainrectangle %}}

{{% mainrectangle %}}
![Join us Icon class=icon-section](/img/details-icon.png)

{{< pinktitle "Join us!" >}}

Be a part of our conference!

{{% darkcards %}}

{{< darkcard
  "Be a Volunteer"
  "Join us in shaping this remarkable event that aims to empower women in the Python community and beyond. Your involvement will make a difference and provide invaluable networking opportunities and personal growth."
  >}}

{{< darkcard
  "Make a difference!"
  "Join the spirit of the PyLadies community, which promotes diversity and inclusion in the Python programming language community."
  >}}

{{< darkcard
  "Meet PyLadies from all over the world"
  "Join us in shaping this remarkable event that aims to empower women in the Python community and beyond. Your involvement will make a difference and provide invaluable networking opportunities and personal growth."
  >}}

{{% /darkcards %}}

{{% /mainrectangle %}}


{{% mainrectangle %}}
![Sponsors=icon-section](/img/sponsors-icon.png)

Know the sponsors of our conference.

##  Institutional Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Python Software Foundation"
  "https://python.org/psf-landing"
  "institutional_psf.svg"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Booster Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "EuroPython Society"
  "https://europython-society.eu"
  "booster_eps.svg"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://quansight.com"
  "booster_quansight.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://pretix.com"
  "booster_pretix.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://numberly.com"
  "booster_numberly.png"
  >}}
{{% /logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Auth0"
  "https://auth0.com/"
  "booster_auth0.png"
  >}}
{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Partner Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Six Feet Up"
  "https://sixfeetup.com"
  "partner_sixfeetup.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Willing Consulting"
  "https://www.willingconsulting.com/"
  "partner_willingconsulting.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Community Partner

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Data Umbrella"
  "https://www.dataumbrella.org"
  "community_dataumbrella.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Media Partner

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "PyPodcats"
  "https://pypodcats.live/"
  "media_pypodcats.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}


{{% pinkrectangle %}}

![Contact us Icon class=icon-section](/img/contact-icon.png)

## Contact

Email us at
<a href="mailto:pyladiescon@pyladies.com">pyladiescon@pyladies.com</a>

Follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/pyladiescon">Twitter</a>

To connect with other PyLadies members through Slack, join
<a href="https://slackin.pyladies.com">slackin.pyladies.com</a>
and sign up for the chapter channel closest to
your town.

Check out this
<a href="https://reshamas.github.io/the-hidden-depth-of-pyladies/">dashboard</a>
for finding your closest chapter!

If you would like to donate to us, you can donate on
<a href="https://psfmember.org/civicrm/contribute/transact/?reset=1&amp;id=6">this page</a>!

PyLadies is a fiscal sponsoree of the Python Software Foundation (Federal Tax ID number is 04-3594598).   Python Software Foundation is a public charity under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Please consult your tax adviser to determine the tax deductibility of your gift to the Python Software Foundation.
{{% /pinkrectangle %}}

Commit message:

Update text front page (#165)
* Update text front page
* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Mariatta <Mariatta@users.noreply.github.com>

content/_index.md, after:

+++
title = 'Home'
draft = false
layout = 2
description = "PyLadies Conference (PyLadiesCon) is the second Pyladies conference held– an exciting online and FREE event dedicated to empowerment, learning, and diversity within the Python community!  Date: December 6th-8th At PyLadiesCon, we're bringing the Python world right to your doorstep. Make sure to mark your calendars for the first weekend of December as we embark on a two-day journey that promises to be unforgettable."
image = "/img/banner.png"
imagealt = "Website banner of PyLadiesCon 2024 Online. 6th-8th December | Multi-language | Multi-timezone."
+++

{{< rawhtml >}}
<!-- TODO: Update banner -->
<div style="background-image: url('/img/pyladies-wallpaper.png'); background-size: cover; background-position: center;" class="position-relative overflow-hidden p-1 p-md-3 m-md-1 text-start">
    <div class="d-md-flex flex-md-equal w-75 my-md-3 mx-auto align-items-center justify-content-start">
      <div class="col-md-5 p-lg-3 mx-auto my-5">
        <h1 class="display-4 fw-normal pink">PyLadiesCon</h1>
        <h4 class="special-font pink">2024 Online</h4>
        <p class="lead" style="font-weight: bolder;color: white;">
          6th-8th December<br>
          Multi-language | Multi-timezone
        </p>
        <div class="social w-100 mx-auto pt-3 text-start">
          <a href="https://fosstodon.org/@pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-mastodon fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://twitter.com/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-twitter fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://instagram.com/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-instagram fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
          <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/pyladiescon"><i class="fab fa-linkedin fa-2x px-2" aria-hidden="true"></i></a>
        </div>
        <div class="w-100 mt-2 text-start" style=color:#fff>Check the <a class=text-white href=/schedule>Schedule!</a></div>
        <div class="w-100 mt-2 text-start">
          <a href="https://pretix.eu/pyladiescon/2024">
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-pink btn-block mb-2 rainbow rainbow-1" data-toggle="collapse">REGISTER</button>
          </a>
        </div>
      </div>

  </div>
</div>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

{{% mainrectangle %}}
![About Icon class=icon-section](/img/about-icon.png)

{{< pinktitle "About the conference" >}}

Attention all PyLadies community members! Our conference <a href="https://pretix.eu/pyladiescon/2024">registration</a> is now open.
We’re excited to welcome you to our conference.  Join us online
for a transformative event designed to promote diversity, learning, and empowerment
within the Python community.  🎉

PyLadiesCon will take place on December 6th-8th. Review our <a href="</schedule">full schedule</a>.
where we’ll gather together for a weekend filled with insightful talks,
engaging panels, and collaborative networking opportunities.

* {{< rarrowlink "Read More" "/about" >}}
* {{< rarrowlink "Code of Conduct" "/about" >}}

{{% /mainrectangle %}}

{{% mainrectangle %}}
![Join us Icon class=icon-section](/img/details-icon.png)

{{< pinktitle "Join us!" >}}

Be a part of our conference!

{{% darkcards %}}

{{< darkcard
  "Be a Volunteer"
  "Join us in shaping this remarkable event that aims to empower women in the Python community and beyond. Your involvement will make a difference and provide invaluable networking opportunities and personal growth."
  >}}

{{< darkcard
  "Make a difference!"
  "Join the spirit of the PyLadies community, which promotes diversity and inclusion in the Python programming language community."
  >}}

{{< darkcard
  "Meet PyLadies from all over the world"
  "Join us in shaping this remarkable event that aims to empower women in the Python community and beyond. Your involvement will make a difference and provide invaluable networking opportunities and personal growth."
  >}}

{{% /darkcards %}}

{{% /mainrectangle %}}


{{% mainrectangle %}}
![Sponsors=icon-section](/img/sponsors-icon.png)

Know the sponsors of our conference.

##  Institutional Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Python Software Foundation"
  "https://python.org/psf-landing"
  "institutional_psf.svg"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Booster Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "EuroPython Society"
  "https://europython-society.eu"
  "booster_eps.svg"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://quansight.com"
  "booster_quansight.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://pretix.com"
  "booster_pretix.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Quansight"
  "https://numberly.com"
  "booster_numberly.png"
  >}}
{{% /logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Auth0"
  "https://auth0.com/"
  "booster_auth0.png"
  >}}
{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Partner Sponsor

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Six Feet Up"
  "https://sixfeetup.com"
  "partner_sixfeetup.png"
  >}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Willing Consulting"
  "https://www.willingconsulting.com/"
  "partner_willingconsulting.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Community Partner

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "Data Umbrella"
  "https://www.dataumbrella.org"
  "community_dataumbrella.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}

##  Media Partner

{{% logosrow %}}

{{< sponsorlogo
  "PyPodcats"
  "https://pypodcats.live/"
  "media_pypodcats.png"
  >}}

{{% /logosrow %}}


{{% pinkrectangle %}}

![Contact us Icon class=icon-section](/img/contact-icon.png)

## Contact

Email us at
<a href="mailto:pyladiescon@pyladies.com">pyladiescon@pyladies.com</a>

Follow us on <a href="https://twitter.com/pyladiescon">Twitter</a>

To connect with other PyLadies members through Slack, join
<a href="https://slackin.pyladies.com">slackin.pyladies.com</a>
and sign up for the chapter channel closest to
your town.

Check out this
<a href="https://reshamas.github.io/the-hidden-depth-of-pyladies/">dashboard</a>
for finding your closest chapter!

If you would like to donate to us, you can donate on
<a href="https://psfmember.org/civicrm/contribute/transact/?reset=1&amp;id=6">this page</a>!

PyLadies is a fiscal sponsoree of the Python Software Foundation (Federal Tax ID number is 04-3594598).   Python Software Foundation is a public charity under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Please consult your tax adviser to determine the tax deductibility of your gift to the Python Software Foundation.
{{% /pinkrectangle %}}
