src/content/docs/speakers/open_space.md, before:

---
title: "Open Spaces Guide"
meta_title: "Open Spaces Guide"
description: "Guide and Resources for participating in an Open Space Session"
draft: false
weight: 1
section: "speakers"
---

# Open Space guide for PyLadies Conference 2025

## What's an Open Space?

An Open Space is a dynamic, self-organized session where attendees come
together to discuss topics, collaborate on projects, learn new skills, or just
networking in a welcoming and inclusive environment.

## Who can join or lead an Open Space?

If you're planning to attend PyLadiesCon 2025, you're welcome to participate in
or facilitate an Open Space session! This is your chance to share knoweldge,
ask questions, or discuss about topics that intrigues you with fellow
conference attendees.

## How to organize an Open Space?

If you're planning on leading an open space during PyLadiesCon,
we kindly ask you to submit your Open Space proposal to [Pretalx](https://pretalx.com/pyladiescon-2025/cfp?access_code=GJG3WCSWNSESYNDUBMD7ZXVWAZKFXBHDopenspaces).
Please keep in mind that we won't be approving any Open Spaces if they don't
align with our Code of Conduct.


## Where will the Open Spaces take place?

We'll set up dedicated voice (and optional video) channels in our Discord
server for the Open Spaces. This way, everyone can easily join and participate
from anywhere they're comfortable.

## How long does Open Spaces take?

We encourage your open space to be at least one hour,
in some cases it could take more but we need to check availability
on the overall schedule.

## Need assistance with running an Open Space?

Our organizer team is more than happy to help answer any questions you might
have about Open Space. Send us an email at **pyladiescon@pyladies.com** if you
need guidance or have any concerns.

Commit message:

Specify languages for Open Space participation
Added information about languages for Open Space proposals.

src/content/docs/speakers/open_space.md, after:

---
title: "Open Spaces Guide"
meta_title: "Open Spaces Guide"
description: "Guide and Resources for participating in an Open Space Session"
draft: false
weight: 1
section: "speakers"
---

# Open Space guide for PyLadies Conference 2025

## What's an Open Space?

An Open Space is a dynamic, self-organized session where attendees come
together to discuss topics, collaborate on projects, learn new skills, or just
networking in a welcoming and inclusive environment.

## Who can join or lead an Open Space?

If you're planning to attend PyLadiesCon 2025, you're welcome to participate in
or facilitate an Open Space session! This is your chance to share knoweldge,
ask questions, or discuss about topics that intrigues you with fellow
conference attendees.

## How to organize an Open Space?

If you're planning on leading an open space during PyLadiesCon,
we kindly ask you to submit your Open Space proposal to [Pretalx](https://pretalx.com/pyladiescon-2025/cfp?access_code=GJG3WCSWNSESYNDUBMD7ZXVWAZKFXBHDopenspaces).
Please keep in mind that we won't be approving any Open Spaces if they don't
align with our Code of Conduct.

## What Languages can you speak in the Open Space?

PyLadiesCon is global & multilingual!
We welcome Open Spaces in English, Español, Português, Deutsch, 日本語, 中文, and more.

## Where will the Open Spaces take place?

We'll set up dedicated voice (and optional video) channels in our Discord
server for the Open Spaces. This way, everyone can easily join and participate
from anywhere they're comfortable.

## How long does Open Spaces take?

We encourage your open space to be at least one hour,
in some cases it could take more but we need to check availability
on the overall schedule.

## Need assistance with running an Open Space?

Our organizer team is more than happy to help answer any questions you might
have about Open Space. Send us an email at **pyladiescon@pyladies.com** if you
need guidance or have any concerns.
