# Communications Committee

*Role: Communications Committee*

## Schedule Reminders Regarding Conference Milestones:

The Communications Committee is responsible for ensuring effective
communication regarding conference milestones. They work closely with the
conference organizers and other committees to establish a timeline and
milestones for the event. The committee then schedules reminders and
notifications to be sent out to attendees, speakers, volunteers, and the
community. These reminders may be in emails, or newsletters, and should
effectively convey essential dates, deadlines, and updates related to the
conference.

## Prepare Slides for Different Events:

The Communications Committee collaborates with the marketing or outreach team
to create visually appealing slides or presentation materials for different
events associated with the conference. These events may include community
meetups, workshops, webinars, or promotional events. The committee ensures that
the slides effectively communicate the key information about the conference,
such as its objectives, featured speakers, agenda highlights, and registration
details. The prepared slides help to generate interest and engagement among the
target audience.

## Create Calendar for Publications:

The Communications Committee collaborates with the marketing or content team to
create a calendar for conference-related publications. This calendar serves as
a guide for determining the timing and frequency of content releases, such as
blog articles, press releases, newsletters, and other promotional materials.
The committee ensures that the calendar is well-structured and allows for
efficient planning and coordination of content publication across various
channels. They work closely with other teams to ensure the content aligns with
the conference objectives and is consistently disseminated to the target
audience.


The Communications Committee's role is to facilitate effective communication
and promotion of the PyLadies Con conference. By scheduling reminders,
preparing slides, planning social media diffusion, selecting relevant tools,
and creating a content calendar, the committee helps to ensure that key
milestones and conference updates are effectively conveyed to attendees,
speakers, volunteers, and the broader community. Their efforts contribute to
maximizing the visibility, engagement, and success of the conference.

