# Design & Social Media

*Role: Design & Social Media*

The team creates visually appealing banners and content designed for social
media platforms. These materials can include cover photos, profile picture
frames, and promotional graphics. The team ensures that the social media
banners and content align with the conference branding and effectively
communicate information about the event.

The Design & Social Media team develops templates for various purposes, such as
sponsor recognition, speaker profiles, session schedules, and other
conference-related materials. These templates maintain a consistent and
professional look and feel across different documents and collateral. And
printable materials to be distributed across various channels, including social
media, chat platforms, meetups, events, and other conferences. This can include
flyers, brochures, infographics, or posters. The materials should be visually
appealing, informative, and engaging to attract the target audience and
effectively convey the conference's message and value.

## Tools to Simplify Diffusion:

The Design & Social Media team uses various tools and software to simplify the
diffusion of conference-related content through social media platforms. They
evaluate and select tools that facilitate scheduling, monitoring, and analyzing
social media posts. These tools may include social media management platforms,
content scheduling tools, analytics tools, or other relevant applications. The
committee ensures that these tools streamline the process, save time, and
enhance the effectiveness of social media diffusion efforts.


Overall, the Design & Social Media team plays the role in visually representing
and promoting the conference through various channels. Their responsibilities
include creating the conference logo, designing social media banners and
content, developing templates, preparing materials for distribution, and
managing the conference's YouTube channel. By maintaining a consistent visual
identity and effectively utilizing social media and multimedia platforms, the
team raises awareness, generates engagement, and enhances the overall
conference experience.


