# Financing, sponsorship

The Financing and Sponsorship team is responsible for managing the financial
aspects of the PyLadies Con conference, including securing sponsorships,
defining the budget, managing finances, and coordinating sponsor-related
activities. Their role encompasses the following tasks:

## Sponsors Contacts:

The Financing and Sponsorship team identifies and establishes contact with
potential sponsors for the conference. They research and compile a list of
companies, organizations, or individuals who may be interested in sponsoring
the event. The team reaches out to these potential sponsors, communicates the
benefits of sponsorship, and maintains ongoing relationships with sponsors
throughout the conference planning and execution.

## List of Possible Sponsors:

The team creates and maintains a comprehensive list of potential sponsors for
the PyLadies Con conference. They conduct market research and identify
organizations or individuals that align with the conference's objectives,
values, and target audience. The team ensures that the list is regularly
updated and prioritizes potential sponsors based on their relevance and ability
to contribute to the conference's financial goals.

## Define Budget:

The Financing and Sponsorship team works closely with the conference organizers
and relevant stakeholders to define the conference budget. They consider
various factors, such as venue costs, speaker fees, marketing expenses, and
logistical requirements. The team ensures that the budget is realistic, aligns
with the conference's goals, and accounts for potential sponsor contributions
and other sources of revenue.

## Platforms:

The team identifies and utilizes appropriate platforms to attract sponsors and
showcase sponsorship opportunities. This may include the conference website,
social media channels, industry-specific platforms, or direct outreach to
potential sponsors. The team ensures that the sponsorship platforms effectively
communicate the value of sponsorship, the benefits for sponsors, and the
various sponsorship packages available.

## Presents for Speakers/Volunteers:

The Financing and Sponsorship team may be responsible for sourcing and
coordinating presents or tokens of appreciation for conference speakers and
volunteers. They identify suitable gifts or gestures that align with the
conference's theme and budget. The team ensures that these presents are
provided to speakers and volunteers as a gesture of gratitude for their
contribution to the conference's success.

## Finance Management:

The team manages the finances of the conference, including sponsor
contributions, registration fees, and other revenue streams. They handle
sponsor contracts, invoicing, and payments, ensuring that financial
transactions are properly documented and recorded. The team works closely with
the conference organizers and relevant stakeholders to track expenses, monitor
the budget, and provide regular financial updates.


The Financing and Sponsorship team plays a crucial role in securing
sponsorships, managing finances, and coordinating sponsor-related activities
for the PyLadies Con conference. Their responsibilities include contacting
potential sponsors, maintaining a list of potential sponsors, defining the
conference budget, identifying sponsorship platforms, coordinating presents for
speakers and volunteers, and managing the overall finances of the conference.
Through their efforts, they help ensure the financial success and
sustainability of the conference while fostering relationships with sponsors
and expressing appreciation to contributors.
