# Tech / infra work group

*Role: Tech / infra work group*

The Tech/Infra Work Group, which includes Chat Moderators, is responsible for
managing the technical aspects of the PyLadies Con conference, ensuring smooth
operations and providing technical support to attendees. Their role encompasses
the following tasks:

## Platform for Streaming Management:

The Tech/Infra Work Group selects and manages the platform used for streaming
the conference sessions. They research and evaluate streaming platforms,
considering factors such as ease of use, scalability, interactive features, and
compatibility with the conference's requirements. The team sets up and
configures the streaming platform, manages access controls, and ensures
a seamless streaming experience for attendees.

## Ticket Management:

The team handles the ticketing system for PyLadies Con. They select and set up
a ticket management platform or system that allows attendees to register for
the conference, purchase tickets, and manage their registrations. The team
ensures that the ticketing system is user-friendly, secure, and integrates with
other conference platforms, such as the website and payment systems.

## Chat Moderation:

The Chat Moderators, a part of the Tech/Infra Work Group, are responsible for
moderating the chat or discussion platforms used during the conference. They
monitor and facilitate conversations, ensure adherence to the conference's code
of conduct, and address any inappropriate behavior or content. The Chat
Moderators foster a respectful and inclusive environment for attendees,
providing support, answering questions, and redirecting inquiries to the
appropriate channels.

## Technical Support:

The Tech/Infra Work Group provides technical support to attendees throughout
the conference. They troubleshoot technical issues that attendees may encounter
with the streaming platform, ticketing system, or other conference-related
technologies. The team responds promptly to support inquiries, provides
guidance and assistance, and escalates more complex issues to the appropriate
resources if necessary.

## Infrastructure Management:

The team manages the overall infrastructure required for the conference, such
as servers, networking, and connectivity. They ensure that the infrastructure
is robust, reliable, and scalable to handle the expected traffic and demand
during the event. The team also coordinates with vendors or service providers
to address any infrastructure-related issues and maintain the necessary
resources for a smooth conference experience.


The Tech/Infra Work Group, including Chat Moderators, plays a crucial role in
managing the technical aspects of PyLadies Con. Their responsibilities include
selecting and managing the streaming platform, handling ticket management,
moderating chat platforms, providing technical support to attendees, and
managing the conference's overall infrastructure. Through their expertise and
support, they contribute to a seamless and engaging conference experience for
all participants.
