# Program Committee

*Role: Programs Committee*


## CFP (Call for Proposals) and Talk Revision:

The Programs Committee is responsible for designing and managing the CFP
process. This involves creating and promoting the CFP announcement, setting
deadlines for proposal submissions, and coordinating the review and selection
of proposals. Committee members should review and evaluate the submitted
proposals based on predefined criteria, such as relevance, quality, novelty,
and diversity. If necessary, they should also provide feedback and guidance to
speakers to refine and enhance their talk proposals.

## The platform for CFP:

The Programs Committee should research and select a suitable platform or
software to manage the CFP process efficiently. This platform should facilitate
the submission, review, and selection of proposals and enable effective
communication with the speakers.

## Program Creation:

Once the talk proposals have been selected, the Programs Committee collaborates
to create the conference program. They should consider various factors, such as
the themes of the conference, the target audience, and the overall flow of the
event. The committee should aim to create a balanced and engaging program that
covers various topics and appeals to beginners and experienced Python
developers.

## Contact with Speakers:

The Programs Committee serves as the main point of contact for the conference
speakers. They should promptly communicate with speakers regarding the status
of their proposals, acceptance notifications, and any additional information
required for their participation in the conference. Committee members should
also work closely with the speakers to ensure they have all the necessary
resources and support leading up to the conference.


Overall, the Programs Committee plays a pivotal role in shaping the content and
success of the PyLadies Con conference. Through their efforts in defining the
conference program, managing the CFP process, and maintaining effective
communication with speakers, they contribute to creating a vibrant and
inclusive event that fosters learning, networking, and community building
within the PyLadies community.
