# Volunteers Coordinator

*Role: Volunteers Coordinator*

## Call for Volunteers:

The Volunteers Coordinator is responsible for managing the recruitment and
selection process of volunteers for the PyLadies Con conference. They should
create a call for volunteers, which includes the requirements, expectations,
and benefits of volunteering. This call can be promoted through various
channels, such as the conference website, social media platforms, and
communication with the PyLadies community. The coordinator should collect and
review volunteer applications, ensuring a diverse and inclusive team of
volunteers.

## Team Logistics:

The Volunteers Coordinator oversees the organization and distribution of tasks
among the volunteer team. They should assess volunteers' skills, interests, and
availability and assign appropriate roles and responsibilities. The coordinator
should maintain clear communication channels to ensure volunteers are
well-informed about their assigned tasks, timelines, and specific instructions.
They should also provide necessary training or orientation to volunteers, if
required, to ensure they are equipped with the knowledge and resources to
fulfill their roles effectively.

## Coordination During the Event:

The Volunteers Coordinator plays a crucial role in managing the availability
and coordination of volunteers during the conference. They should create
a schedule or program that outlines each volunteer's shift timings and roles
during the event. The coordinator should ensure sufficient coverage for
essential tasks, such as registration, session management, AV support, attendee
assistance, and other operational requirements. They should be available as
a point of contact for volunteers during the event, addressing any questions,
issues, or emergencies.


Overall, the Volunteers Coordinator plays a vital role in the success of the
PyLadies Con conference by efficiently managing the volunteer team. Their
responsibilities include recruiting and selecting volunteers, organizing and
assigning tasks, and coordinating volunteers' availability during the event. By
ensuring a well-structured and motivated volunteer team, the coordinator
contributes to a smooth and enjoyable conference experience for attendees and
organizers.
