src/content/posts/2025-pyladiescon-recap.mdx, before:

---
title: "PyLadiesCon Recap"
meta_title: "PyLadiesCon Recap"
description: "We are grateful to have you at our conference. With your support, PyLadiesCon is more successful than ever!
"
date: 2025-12-10T12:00:00-07:00
image: "/images/posts/2025-pyladiescon-recap.png"
categories: ["Blog Post",]
authors: ["Mariatta"]
tags: ["python", "community", "conference", "public speaking", "pyladies", "recap", "statistics", "data"]
draft: false
---


Thanks for joining us at PyLadiesCon!

We are grateful to have you at our conference. With your support, PyLadiesCon is more successful than ever!

For transparency, we have built a [dashboard](https://portal.pyladies.com/stats) where you can review
our conference statistics in real-time. Through the dashboard, you can see the numbers such
registrations info, sponsorships, fundraising progress, as well as volunteer and audience demographics.

Below are some highlights from conference by the time the conference ends.

|                                      | 2023       | 2024       | 2025       |
|--------------------------------------|------------|------------|------------|
| Number of registrations              | 600        | 732        | 906        |
| Number of first time attendee        | -          | -          | 767 (85%)  |
| Number of proposals                  | 164        | 192        | 194        |
| Number of sponsors                   | 8          | 11         | 20         |
| Sponsorships raised                  | $10,500.00 | $10,000.00 | $55,555.00 |
| Number of individual donations       | 58         | 105        | 94         |
| Donations raised                     | $650.00    | $1,520.00  | $2,565.44  |
| Proceeds (sponsorships + donations)  | $11,150.00 | $11,520.00 | $58,120.44 |

We are thrilled to have more registrations, proposals, and donations this year.
We are also grateful for the tremendous support from our sponsors and donors. Together, we raised more than twice
the amount of sponsorships and donations from the last two years combined!



## Rewatch all the sessions

Re-live the conference all over again by watching all the talks on our YouTube
[playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOItnwPQ-eHxvEOnu1MsRX_qkX7dyXAZS).

## Donate to PyLadiesCon

Even though our conference is over, you can still make an impact and support us by [donating](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/donate/).


## Nominate an Outstanding PyLady

If you enjoyed the talks, workshops, and activities during the conference, or if any of our volunteers and team members
have been extra helpful to you, we encourage you to show your gratitude by nominating any of them for the [Outstanding
PyLady Award](https://kit.pyladies.com/en/latest/global/award.html). Nominations are accepted year-round, however for
recognition at PyCon US 2025, nominations must be received by December 31, 2025.

Learn about the award recipients from [2024](https://pyladies.com/blog/Inaugural-Winners-of-the-Outstanding-PyLady-Award/outstanding-pylady-winners/)
and [2025](https://pyladies.com/blog/Celebrating-the-Recipients-of-the-Outstanding-PyLady-Awards-2025/outstanding-pylady-winners/).

## Help us improve

We hope you found the event informative, engaging, and valuable for your professional development. To continually
improve our conferences and better serve our community, we invite you to participate in our [post-conference survey](https://forms.gle/GzkQvxxU6dg4gR7v9).

Your feedback is crucial in helping us understand what worked well and where we can enhance future events.


## Thank you!!!

We also want to extend our thanks especially
to all of our [keynote speakers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#keynotes), [speakers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/speakers/),
[sprints mentors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/sprints/), [sponsors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#sponsors),
[donors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#individuals-sponsors), [volunteers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/volunteers/),
and our [core organizers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#organization).

### Keynote speakers

- Abigail Afi Ggbadago
- Alyssa Coghlan
- Dawn Wages
- Imogen Wright
- Micaela Reyes
- Patty Trejo
- Sarah Abderemane

### Speakers

- Aisha Bello
- Aishat Muibudeen
- Amanda Savluchinske
- Ana Cecília Vieira
- Ana Laura Diedrichs
- Anna Eilering
- Ava Katushka
- Azul Garza
- Barbara Asiamah
- bonny p mcclain
- Carla Marcela Florida Román
- Carol Willing
- Cary Jim
- Cathy Hui
- Cecilia Tivir
- Chioma Oselu (Onyido)
- Daphne Choong
- Deborah Hanus
- Dingding Lu
- Dorothy Ewuah
- Dr Drew B. Mallory
- Ellaine Dela Cruz
- Erica Wolf
- Fay Shaw
- Françoise CONIL
- Frankie
- Gauri Kasar
- Giulia Silvestro
- Hwayoung Cha
- Ilerioluwakiiye Abolade
- Inessa Pawson
- Ingrid Solis
- Irene Donato
- Isabel Zimmerman
- Iulia Feroli
- Jashlein Leanne Marquez
- Jessica Ertel
- Jessica Greene
- Jessica Hedges
- Jodie Burchell
- Juliana Karoline de Sousa
- Juliany Raiol
- Karina Fernanda Pérez
- Karla Angelica Doctor Mauricio
- Leah Wasser
- Leanne Fok
- Liliana Garmendia
- Lilinoe Harbottle
- Lois Bassey
- Loredana Horezeanu
- Lydia Peabody
- Maggie Wolff
- María-Fernanda Villalobos
- Mars Weng
- Meagen Voss
- Milena Miernik
- Muh Naufal Muzhaffar
- Nicole Franco Leon
- Oluwakemi Omowunmi Jacobs
- Pamela Fox
- Parul Gupta
- Patty Chow
- Rachel Kaufman
- Rahmat Akintola-Oyewole
- Rosio G Reyes
- Samiksha Khadka
- Sheena
- Silvia Larasatul M
- Sofia Toro
- Sreya Ghosh
- Sumaiya Nalukwago
- Swarooprani Manoor
- Tanvi Sharma
- Tereza Iofciu
- The Joy of Tech
- Tomoko Furuki
- Ubaida Abdulai
- Una Galyeva
- Vassiliki Dalakiari
- Vitoria Rodrigues
- Yashasvi Misra
- Zuotian Tatum

### Sprint Mentors

- DataJourney: Sayantika Banik
- Skrub: Jérôme Dockes, Marie Sacksick
- Python Docs El: Panagiotis Skias, Artemis Leonardou, Stelios Rotas
- PyLadiesCon Website Translation: Vassiliki Dalakiari

### CoC Committee

- Cecilia Tivir
- Micaela Reyes
- Nathan Bransby
- Jessica Greene
- Debbie Chou
- Monica Iyabo
- Vicky Twomey-Lee
- Maaya Ishida

### PyLadies Chapters Around the World Video Contributions

- PyLadies Kampala, Uganda
- PyLadies Boston, United States
- PyLadies Cochabamba, Bolivia
- PyLadies Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
- PyLadies Maputo, Mozambique
- PyLadies Munich, Germany
- PyLadies Taiwan
- PyLadies Yogyakarta, Indonesia

### Outstanding PyLadies Award Recipients

- Cecilia Tivir
- Karolina Surma

### Python Core Developers

- Alyssa Coghlan
- Carol Willing
- Emily Morehouse
- Emma Harper Smith
- Joannah Nanjekye
- Mariatta Wijaya
- Savannah Ostrowski

### Volunteers

- Amethyst Reese
- Ana Claudia Caloi Zanon
- Anacaloi
- Angela Cabanes
- Ariane Djeupang
- Az Zahra H Haris
- Carla Camacho
- Cecilia Tivir
- Claire Chong
- Debbie
- Ege Akman
- Elise Kasai
- Ellaine Dela Cruz
- Freilla Mae Espinola
- Halimatu Mohammed Gali
- Hannah Hontiveros
- Isadora Micaela Dos Santos
- Jessica Greene
- Joyce Dzifa Lokko
- Kalyan Prasad
- Laís Carvalho
- Laura Langdon
- Lorena Mesa
- Maaya Ishida
- Marco Richetta
- Micaela Reyes
- Monica Iyabo
- Nathalie Falck
- Nathan Bransby
- Nina Comia
- Nydia Mejia
- Peerawut Jindaluang
- Persephone Megaliou
- Raffaella
- Rahmat Akintola
- Raquel Dou
- Reshama Shaikh
- Rodrigo Girão Serrão
- Rodrigo Silva Ferreira
- Rose Oketch
- Sayantika Banik
- Stefanie Molin
- Thaily Samaniego
- Tilda Udufo
- Ubaida Abdulai
- Vassiliki Dalakiari
- Wendy N. Sánchez

### Core Organizers

- Abigail Dogbe
- Cristián Maureira-Fredes
- Denny Perez
- Georgi Ker
- Naa Ashiorkor Nortey
- Mariatta
- Maria Jose Molina
- Vicky Twomey-Lee


### Champion Sponsor

- Meta

### Supporter Sponsors

- Optiver
- Microsoft
- Anaconda
- Kraken Technologies
- Google Open Source

### Other sponsors

- Gel Data
- Python Software Foundation
- Henkel
- Europython Society
- Ataccama
- Numberly
- Willing Consulting
- Black Python Devs
- Quansight
- Django Software Foundation
- Probabl
- Caktus Consulting Group
- Lincoln Loop
- SixFeetUp

Thank you for making this event memorable! See you next year!

Commit message:

Add new PyLadies Chapter videos and Playlist (#322)

src/content/posts/2025-pyladiescon-recap.mdx, after:

---
title: "PyLadiesCon Recap"
meta_title: "PyLadiesCon Recap"
description: "We are grateful to have you at our conference. With your support, PyLadiesCon is more successful than ever!
"
date: 2025-12-10T12:00:00-07:00
image: "/images/posts/2025-pyladiescon-recap.png"
categories: ["Blog Post",]
authors: ["Mariatta"]
tags: ["python", "community", "conference", "public speaking", "pyladies", "recap", "statistics", "data"]
draft: false
---


Thanks for joining us at PyLadiesCon!

We are grateful to have you at our conference. With your support, PyLadiesCon is more successful than ever!

For transparency, we have built a [dashboard](https://portal.pyladies.com/stats) where you can review
our conference statistics in real-time. Through the dashboard, you can see the numbers such
registrations info, sponsorships, fundraising progress, as well as volunteer and audience demographics.

Below are some highlights from conference by the time the conference ends.

|                                      | 2023       | 2024       | 2025       |
|--------------------------------------|------------|------------|------------|
| Number of registrations              | 600        | 732        | 906        |
| Number of first time attendee        | -          | -          | 767 (85%)  |
| Number of proposals                  | 164        | 192        | 194        |
| Number of sponsors                   | 8          | 11         | 20         |
| Sponsorships raised                  | $10,500.00 | $10,000.00 | $55,555.00 |
| Number of individual donations       | 58         | 105        | 94         |
| Donations raised                     | $650.00    | $1,520.00  | $2,565.44  |
| Proceeds (sponsorships + donations)  | $11,150.00 | $11,520.00 | $58,120.44 |

We are thrilled to have more registrations, proposals, and donations this year.
We are also grateful for the tremendous support from our sponsors and donors. Together, we raised more than twice
the amount of sponsorships and donations from the last two years combined!



## Rewatch all the sessions

Re-live the conference all over again by watching all the talks on our YouTube
[playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOItnwPQ-eHxvEOnu1MsRX_qkX7dyXAZS).

## Donate to PyLadiesCon

Even though our conference is over, you can still make an impact and support us by [donating](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/donate/).


## Nominate an Outstanding PyLady

If you enjoyed the talks, workshops, and activities during the conference, or if any of our volunteers and team members
have been extra helpful to you, we encourage you to show your gratitude by nominating any of them for the [Outstanding
PyLady Award](https://kit.pyladies.com/en/latest/global/award.html). Nominations are accepted year-round, however for
recognition at PyCon US 2026, nominations must be received by December 31, 2025.

Learn about the award recipients from [2024](https://pyladies.com/blog/Inaugural-Winners-of-the-Outstanding-PyLady-Award/outstanding-pylady-winners/)
and [2025](https://pyladies.com/blog/Celebrating-the-Recipients-of-the-Outstanding-PyLady-Awards-2025/outstanding-pylady-winners/).

## Help us improve

We hope you found the event informative, engaging, and valuable for your professional development. To continually
improve our conferences and better serve our community, we invite you to participate in our [post-conference survey](https://forms.gle/GzkQvxxU6dg4gR7v9).

Your feedback is crucial in helping us understand what worked well and where we can enhance future events.


## Thank you!!!

We also want to extend our thanks especially
to all of our [keynote speakers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#keynotes), [speakers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/speakers/),
[sprints mentors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/sprints/), [sponsors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#sponsors),
[donors](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#individuals-sponsors), [volunteers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/volunteers/),
and our [core organizers](https://2025.conference.pyladies.com/en/#organization).

### Keynote speakers

- Abigail Afi Ggbadago
- Alyssa Coghlan
- Dawn Wages
- Imogen Wright
- Micaela Reyes
- Patty Trejo
- Sarah Abderemane

### Speakers

- Aisha Bello
- Aishat Muibudeen
- Amanda Savluchinske
- Ana Cecília Vieira
- Ana Laura Diedrichs
- Anna Eilering
- Ava Katushka
- Azul Garza
- Barbara Asiamah
- bonny p mcclain
- Carla Marcela Florida Román
- Carol Willing
- Cary Jim
- Cathy Hui
- Cecilia Tivir
- Chioma Oselu (Onyido)
- Daphne Choong
- Deborah Hanus
- Dingding Lu
- Dorothy Ewuah
- Dr Drew B. Mallory
- Ellaine Dela Cruz
- Erica Wolf
- Fay Shaw
- Françoise CONIL
- Frankie
- Gauri Kasar
- Giulia Silvestro
- Hwayoung Cha
- Ilerioluwakiiye Abolade
- Inessa Pawson
- Ingrid Solis
- Irene Donato
- Isabel Zimmerman
- Iulia Feroli
- Jashlein Leanne Marquez
- Jessica Ertel
- Jessica Greene
- Jessica Hedges
- Jodie Burchell
- Juliana Karoline de Sousa
- Juliany Raiol
- Karina Fernanda Pérez
- Karla Angelica Doctor Mauricio
- Leah Wasser
- Leanne Fok
- Liliana Garmendia
- Lilinoe Harbottle
- Lois Bassey
- Loredana Horezeanu
- Lydia Peabody
- Maggie Wolff
- María-Fernanda Villalobos
- Mars Weng
- Meagen Voss
- Milena Miernik
- Muh Naufal Muzhaffar
- Nicole Franco Leon
- Oluwakemi Omowunmi Jacobs
- Pamela Fox
- Parul Gupta
- Patty Chow
- Rachel Kaufman
- Rahmat Akintola-Oyewole
- Rosio G Reyes
- Samiksha Khadka
- Sheena
- Silvia Larasatul M
- Sofia Toro
- Sreya Ghosh
- Sumaiya Nalukwago
- Swarooprani Manoor
- Tanvi Sharma
- Tereza Iofciu
- The Joy of Tech
- Tomoko Furuki
- Ubaida Abdulai
- Una Galyeva
- Vassiliki Dalakiari
- Vitoria Rodrigues
- Yashasvi Misra
- Zuotian Tatum

### Sprint Mentors

- DataJourney: Sayantika Banik
- Skrub: Jérôme Dockes, Marie Sacksick
- Python Docs El: Panagiotis Skias, Artemis Leonardou, Stelios Rotas
- PyLadiesCon Website Translation: Vassiliki Dalakiari

### CoC Committee

- Cecilia Tivir
- Micaela Reyes
- Nathan Bransby
- Jessica Greene
- Debbie Chou
- Monica Iyabo
- Vicky Twomey-Lee
- Maaya Ishida

### PyLadies Chapters Around the World Video Contributions

- PyLadies Kampala, Uganda
- PyLadies Boston, United States
- PyLadies Cochabamba, Bolivia
- PyLadies Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
- PyLadies Maputo, Mozambique
- PyLadies Munich, Germany
- PyLadies Taiwan
- PyLadies Yogyakarta, Indonesia
- PyLadies Athens, Greece

Watch the PyLadies Chapters [Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTFoUdFA1Fg&list=PLOItnwPQ-eHw5Wu5kmW2RKgHCbeQXjnOQ).

### Outstanding PyLadies Award Recipients

- Cecilia Tivir
- Karolina Surma

### Python Core Developers

- Alyssa Coghlan
- Carol Willing
- Emily Morehouse
- Emma Harper Smith
- Joannah Nanjekye
- Mariatta Wijaya
- Savannah Ostrowski

### Volunteers

- Amethyst Reese
- Ana Claudia Caloi Zanon
- Anacaloi
- Angela Cabanes
- Ariane Djeupang
- Az Zahra H Haris
- Carla Camacho
- Cecilia Tivir
- Claire Chong
- Debbie
- Ege Akman
- Elise Kasai
- Ellaine Dela Cruz
- Freilla Mae Espinola
- Halimatu Mohammed Gali
- Hannah Hontiveros
- Isadora Micaela Dos Santos
- Jessica Greene
- Joyce Dzifa Lokko
- Kalyan Prasad
- Laís Carvalho
- Laura Langdon
- Lorena Mesa
- Maaya Ishida
- Marco Richetta
- Micaela Reyes
- Monica Iyabo
- Nathalie Falck
- Nathan Bransby
- Nina Comia
- Nydia Mejia
- Peerawut Jindaluang
- Persephone Megaliou
- Raffaella
- Rahmat Akintola
- Raquel Dou
- Reshama Shaikh
- Rodrigo Girão Serrão
- Rodrigo Silva Ferreira
- Rose Oketch
- Sayantika Banik
- Stefanie Molin
- Thaily Samaniego
- Tilda Udufo
- Ubaida Abdulai
- Vassiliki Dalakiari
- Wendy N. Sánchez

### Core Organizers

- Abigail Dogbe
- Cristián Maureira-Fredes
- Denny Perez
- Georgi Ker
- Naa Ashiorkor Nortey
- Mariatta
- Maria Jose Molina
- Vicky Twomey-Lee


### Champion Sponsor

- Meta

### Supporter Sponsors

- Optiver
- Microsoft
- Anaconda
- Kraken Technologies
- Google Open Source

### Other sponsors

- Gel Data
- Python Software Foundation
- Henkel
- Europython Society
- Ataccama
- Numberly
- Willing Consulting
- Black Python Devs
- Quansight
- Django Software Foundation
- Probabl
- Caktus Consulting Group
- Lincoln Loop
- SixFeetUp

Thank you for making this event memorable! See you next year!
