src/content/posts/2025-speaker-support.mdx, before:

---
title: "Speaker Support for PyLadiesCon 2025"
meta_title: "Speaker Support for PyLadiesCon 2025"
description: "PyLadiesCon 2025 is supporting speakers"
date: 2025-09-15T05:00:00Z
image: "/images/posts/2025-CFP-open.png"
categories: ["Blog Post",]
authors: ["Abigail Dogbe"]
tags: ["python", "publicspeaking", "pyladies"]
draft: false
---

If you are new to public speaking and would love to get a friendly mentor to help you prepare your submission or your talk when you are accepted.
Please fill in this form. We will try our best to find a mentor for you.

Currently, we have the following mentors:

- Mariatta (English speaking)
- Cheuk Ting Ho (English, Cantonese and Mandarin speaking)
- Denny Perez (English and Spanish speaking)
- Naomi Ceder (English, Spanish and Portuguese speaking)
- Lorena Mesa (English and Spanish speaking)
- Sayantika (English speaking)
- Maria Jose Molina-Contreras (English and Spanish speaking)

### Offering your help
If you are an experienced speaker and would like to help mentor someone. In that case, you can also fill in this form. 
We will contact you when there is a match and we will add your name to the mentor list above.

### Technical support
Since all of the speakers at PyLadiesCon 2024 are required to record their talk, we understand some of you may worry that your setup at home 
is not good enough for the recording or worry that you don’t know how to record. We got your back! Check out our speaker’s guide here. 
If you still need some help in knowing what to do, do not hesitate to get in touch with us. 
If you think you need support in getting recording equipment, we have recording equipment grants available. 
Please also contact us for more information.

Commit message:

Update the speaker guide and blog post.
Fix some typos.

src/content/posts/2025-speaker-support.mdx, after:

---
title: "Speaker Support for PyLadiesCon 2025"
meta_title: "Speaker Support for PyLadiesCon 2025"
description: "PyLadiesCon 2025 is supporting speakers"
date: 2025-09-15T05:00:00Z
image: "/images/posts/2025-CFP-open.png"
categories: ["Blog Post",]
authors: ["Abigail Dogbe"]
tags: ["python", "publicspeaking", "pyladies"]
draft: false
---

We would like to offer our heartfelt congratulations to all the selected speakers for PyLadiesCon 2025!
We are excited to have you on board and look forward to your contributions to the conference.
We understand that public speaking can be a daunting task, especially for those who are new to it.
To help you prepare and deliver your presentations effectively, we are pleased to offer ways to support you.

## Speaker Guide

Please read through our [Speakers Guide Documentation](/docs/speaker_guide) which contains
helpful information such as dates to remember, how to prepare your talk, how to record, and recommendations
for recording equipment. We will be updating it with new information as it arises, so please check back often.

## Mentorship

If you are new to public speaking and would love to get a friendly mentor to help you prepare your presentation,
please contact us at pyladiescon@pyladies.com.

Currently, we have the following mentors:

- Mariatta (English speaking)
- Denny Perez (English and Spanish speaking)
- Lorena Mesa (English and Spanish speaking)
- Maria Jose Molina-Contreras (English and Spanish speaking)

## Speaker Equipment Grant

If you need help getting the right equipment to record your talk, please fill out the [equipment support grant](https://forms.gle/L5xgYk4yvTD9C7r56)

Congratulations once again on being selected to speak at PyLadiesCon 2025!
