src/content/docs/volunteers/committee_volunteers.md, before:

---
title: "Volunteers Committee"
meta_title: "Volunteers Committee"
description: "Team in charge of volunteer management, the logistics of the
process and coordination of the helpers during the event."
draft: false
weight: 7
section: "volunteers"
---

## Roles

### Volunteers Coordinator

* **Call for Volunteers:**
The Volunteers Coordinator is responsible for managing the recruitment and
selection process of volunteers for the PyLadies Con conference. They should
create a call for volunteers, which includes the requirements, expectations,
and benefits of volunteering. This call can be promoted through various
channels, such as the conference website, social media platforms, and
communication with the PyLadies community. The coordinator should collect and
review volunteer applications, ensuring a diverse and inclusive team of
volunteers.

* Team Logistics:
The Volunteers Coordinator oversees the organization and distribution of tasks
among the volunteer team. They should assess volunteers' skills, interests, and
availability and assign appropriate roles and responsibilities. The coordinator
should maintain clear communication channels to ensure volunteers are
well-informed about their assigned tasks, timelines, and specific instructions.
They should also provide necessary training or orientation to volunteers, if
required, to ensure they are equipped with the knowledge and resources to
fulfill their roles effectively.

* **Coordination During the Event:**
The Volunteers Coordinator plays a crucial role in managing the availability
and coordination of volunteers during the conference. They should create
a schedule or program that outlines each volunteer's shift timings and roles
during the event. The coordinator should ensure sufficient coverage for
essential tasks, such as registration, session management, AV support, attendee
assistance, and other operational requirements. They should be available as
a point of contact for volunteers during the event, addressing any questions,
issues, or emergencies.


Overall, the Volunteers Coordinator plays a vital role in the success of the
PyLadies Con conference by efficiently managing the volunteer team. Their
responsibilities include recruiting and selecting volunteers, organizing and
assigning tasks, and coordinating volunteers' availability during the event. By
ensuring a well-structured and motivated volunteer team, the coordinator
contributes to a smooth and enjoyable conference experience for attendees and
organizers.

### MC for Pre-recorded talks

The MC for pre-recorded talks introduce and close pre-recorded talks at PyLadiesCon with warmth, clarity, and community spirit.

* Responsibilities
- Record short intro and outro videos for assigned talks.
- Introduce the speaker, talk title, and a brief highlight of the topic.
- Deliver intros/outros in a friendly, professional tone — under 1 minute each.
- Follow the PyLadiesCon visual and Code of Conduct guidelines.
- Upload recordings to the correct Google Drive folder and mark completion in the “MC Recording Management” sheet.

For more information on the how-to guide, please check: https://conference.pyladies.com/docs/volunteers/mc-pre-recording-guide

Commit message:

include new role video caption analyst and guide

src/content/docs/volunteers/committee_volunteers.md, after:

---
title: "Volunteers Committee"
meta_title: "Volunteers Committee"
description: "Team in charge of volunteer management, the logistics of the
process and coordination of the helpers during the event."
draft: false
weight: 7
section: "volunteers"
---

## Roles

### Volunteers Coordinator

* **Call for Volunteers:**
The Volunteers Coordinator is responsible for managing the recruitment and
selection process of volunteers for the PyLadies Con conference. They should
create a call for volunteers, which includes the requirements, expectations,
and benefits of volunteering. This call can be promoted through various
channels, such as the conference website, social media platforms, and
communication with the PyLadies community. The coordinator should collect and
review volunteer applications, ensuring a diverse and inclusive team of
volunteers.

* Team Logistics:
The Volunteers Coordinator oversees the organization and distribution of tasks
among the volunteer team. They should assess volunteers' skills, interests, and
availability and assign appropriate roles and responsibilities. The coordinator
should maintain clear communication channels to ensure volunteers are
well-informed about their assigned tasks, timelines, and specific instructions.
They should also provide necessary training or orientation to volunteers, if
required, to ensure they are equipped with the knowledge and resources to
fulfill their roles effectively.

* **Coordination During the Event:**
The Volunteers Coordinator plays a crucial role in managing the availability
and coordination of volunteers during the conference. They should create
a schedule or program that outlines each volunteer's shift timings and roles
during the event. The coordinator should ensure sufficient coverage for
essential tasks, such as registration, session management, AV support, attendee
assistance, and other operational requirements. They should be available as
a point of contact for volunteers during the event, addressing any questions,
issues, or emergencies.


Overall, the Volunteers Coordinator plays a vital role in the success of the
PyLadies Con conference by efficiently managing the volunteer team. Their
responsibilities include recruiting and selecting volunteers, organizing and
assigning tasks, and coordinating volunteers' availability during the event. By
ensuring a well-structured and motivated volunteer team, the coordinator
contributes to a smooth and enjoyable conference experience for attendees and
organizers.

### MC for Pre-recorded talks

The MC for pre-recorded talks introduce and close pre-recorded talks at PyLadiesCon with warmth, clarity, and community spirit.

**Responsibilities**
- Record short intro and outro videos for assigned talks.
- Introduce the speaker, talk title, and a brief highlight of the topic.
- Deliver intros/outros in a friendly, professional tone — under 1 minute each.
- Follow the PyLadiesCon visual and Code of Conduct guidelines.
- Upload recordings to the correct Google Drive folder and mark completion in the “MC Recording Management” sheet.

For more information on the how-to guide, please check: https://conference.pyladies.com/docs/volunteers/mc-pre-recording-guide

### Video Caption Analyst

The Video Caption Analyst reviews and verifies AI-generated captions for PyLadiesCon talks, ensuring accessibility, accuracy, and clarity across all recorded sessions.

**Responsibilities**
- Review AI-generated captions for assigned talks and MC videos.
- Check for accuracy in spelling, grammar, speaker names, and technical terms.
- Correct punctuation, phrasing, and readability for smooth flow.
- Save and upload the verified caption files in the appropriate Google Drive folder.
- Update completion status in the “Captioning/Translation Management” sheet.

For more information on the how-to guide, please check:
https://conference.pyladies.com/docs/volunteers/video-caption-analyst-guide
